FAQ-Synchronization.md - Wording, spelling and such. (#496)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: FAQ/FAQ-Synchronization.md

This document covers the most common questions and issues that may occur during BTCPay sync.

> * [Why does BTCPay Server sync?](#why-does-btcpay-sync)

Reviewer: The relative link part like this comment above^, needs to match the header title you are trying to go to, [like this](https://github.com/Zaxounette/btcpayserver-doc/blob/btcpayserver-docs-Zaxounette-Local/FAQ/FAQ-Synchronization.md#why-does-btcpay-server-sync). You don't need to match the title bracket part to anything. 

And also know for when you make URL changes in the FAQ documents, that the overall FAQ Table of Contents Readme is also using the same relative link names. If you change them in in the Sync.md Section titles, then you need to change it in the [FAQ Readme](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc/master/FAQ/readme.md) as well. 

So it is kind of a pain. :) Everything else looks good.

> * [Why does BTCPay Server sync?](#why-does-btcpay-sync)

Author: Oh ! 
I though it was like a HTML link that can have a different header title than the link.

I'll just commit reverts on these links, stick to wording and spelling, and do changes to the links and the Table of Contents in a batch for multiple pages.

> * [Why does BTCPay Server sync?](#why-does-btcpay-sync)

Author: Reverting.

```suggestion
* [Why does BTCPay sync?](#why-does-btcpay-sync)
```

> * [Why does BTCPay Server sync?](#why-does-btcpay-sync)

Author: @britttttk Changes to title reverted I think.

* [Can I skip/speed up the sync?](#can-i-skip-the-synchronization)

> * [How do I know that BTCPay Server synced completely?](#how-do-i-know-that-btcpay-synced-completely)

Author: ```suggestion
* [How do I know that the sync is finished?](#how-do-i-know-that-btcpay-synced-completely)
```

> * [BTCPay Server takes forever to synchronize](#btcpay-server-takes-forever-to-synchronize)

Author: ```suggestion
* [BTCPay takes forever to synchronize](#btcpay-server-takes-forever-to-synchronize)
```

> * [BTCPay Server keeps showing that my node is always starting](#btcpay-server-keep-showing-that-my-node-is-always-starting)

Author: ```suggestion
* [BTCPay Server keep showing that my node is always starting](#btcpay-server-keep-showing-that-my-node-is-always-starting)
```

> * [I already have a synced full node, can I use it with BTCPay Server?](#im-running-a-full-node-and-have-a-synched-blockchain-can-btcpay-use-it-so-that-it-doesnt-have-to-do-a-full-sync)

Author: ```suggestion
* [I already have a synced full node, can I use it with BTCPay?](#im-running-a-full-node-and-have-a-synched-blockchain-can-btcpay-use-it-so-that-it-doesnt-have-to-do-a-full-sync)
```

> ## Why does BTCPay Server sync?

Author: ```suggestion
## Why does BTCPay sync?
```

```
After FastSync is complete and you have brought back up your instance, refresh your BTCPay domain and wait for remaining blockchain synchronization. You can also follow [this video](https://youtu.be/VNMnd-dX9Q8?t=1730).

If your FastSync returns `You need to delete your Bitcoin Core wallet` after you load the uxto set, or you find this error: `Last wallet synchronisation goes beyond pruned data` :
It means that the bitcoin core wallet needs to be removed because it was created before FastSync, likely because BTCPay Server started without the utxoset at the first boot.
For example, this may be the case if you use Eclair or FullyNoded to receive funds. If you agree to remove the wallet to finish syncing with FastSync, use `docker volume rm generated_bitcoin_wallet_datadir` before you run `btcpay-up.sh`
WARNING: Do not delete this wallet if you have any funds on it.

> ## How do I know that BTCPay Server synced completely?

Author: ```suggestion
## How do I know that BTCPay synced completely?
```

Then it means you need to scale up your server by adding more memory.

> ## BTCPay Server keeps showing that my node is always starting

Author: ```suggestion
## BTCPay Server keep showing that my node is always starting
```

Then [prune your node](https://github.com/btcpayserver/btcpayserver-docker#how-i-can-prune-my-nodes).

> ## I already have a synced full node, can I use it with BTCPay Server?

Author: ```suggestion
## I'm running a full node and have a synched blockchain, can BTCPay use it so that it doesn't have to do a full sync?
```
